hey guys paper guy 13:54 just got back
from the store with my new sony
cybershot and it's got a lot of cool
features like 3d images and fanon Romick
and all sorts of stuff but I thought I'd
start off and put an HD film on YouTube
so here it is and you remember this is
my old paper Nano the square one it's
got a lot of the same features and stuff
on it and just square you know regular
anyways on then the banana curved
version see my video up here in the
corner and anyways this was a pretty
cool it was uh my first curved paper
thing I've ever done just thought I'd
try it out and got a lot of cool
features like the ear plug thing and
that I put on and the button new Apple
sign in that that was artistically
designed um also the buttons
I made them colored in that so you can
see what they look like in that anyways
this was the newest version but now I
have made the actual 4g iphone you can
see it's silver and it looks like it and
that it's not perfectly replica because
I did not put the camera on it right up
here in the area right there I forgot so
but it does look a lot like it got the
Apple sign on the back I couldn't find
that trademarks and all that stuff so
but it's got the volume buttons on it
got the hole for the earphones and the
plug in the charger the speaker and the
button anyways this was just a little
experiment to try out and it was pretty
cool
my next video I'll probably have this
little Nano in a box actually made I had
a little package for it it kind of looks
something like this but it's got a clear
face on it and that and then I actually
took all that and packed it up and put
it in mix box put the Box on put some
shrink wrap and all sorts of stuff all
over to make it look like it's
store-bought and that and then I
actually got a cardboard box and put it
in there so when you'll see me next I'll
have a fake label on the box and
probably cut it open or something in
that but yeah
I hope you enjoyed the video here's the
three phones with my phones this one's a
phone but these are two iPods here so
hope you enjoyed the video make sure to
check out my other videos thanks for
watching